how's it going guys this is upside down
days and I'm gonna do another Forza 4
car review this is on the number 35
Black Falcon SLS AMG gt3 and no this is
not a fighter jet this is just the
normal SLS AMG dressed up with a bunch
of racing clothes and let me tell you
something it is nothing like the
original SLS when I first saw this car
the first thing that came to my mind was
hmm so we already have the SLS which is
like this giant german muscle car that
likes to drift how are they going to
turn that into a gt3 touring car well
let me tell you basically what they did
was they kind of took the body and then
scrapped everything else this is nothing
like the original SLS AMG as soon as you
get in this cockpit view you are
immediately greeted with this horizontal
digital speedo and it's like what is
going on all the Mercedes luxuries that
were there are gone and no there are no
gullwing doors for those who are
wondering this thing it looks like
there's carbon fiber everywhere I mean
the steering wheel looks like it's made
of carbon fiber that Mercedes logo looks
like it's made of carbon fiber you know
there's roll cages there's buttons on
the steering wheel I don't even know
what they do and it's just like what is
going on and I did notice this thing was
incredibly easy to get off the line
normally have some trouble with some of
these gt3 cars but this thing for some
reason just pop down to 2,000 breaths
and just went off it was a really nice
experience for once I thought I was
going to struggle with that but the
first thing I noticed when I was having
some trouble that I had to adjust my
driving style a little bit too was the
gearbox now these gt3 cars all have
incredibly fast gear changes but if you
drive with a manual with clutch you have
to adjust the way you change gears at
least to be changed gears the weights
eyes do you know you press the clutch he
lifts off the gas and you press the B
the X button to shift up or down and
that's normally not that much of a
problem but in this I still got that
grinding Gear sensation even when I was
placing the clutch and I got it a lot
when I was breaking I got a lot of slow
gear changes so I had to adjust the
layout changing gear I had to do it much
quicker much sharper and I had a
constant
create a lot more you really had to
focus when you were driving this car
hurry gt3 car for that matter and like I
said especially with the downshifting I
want to mention that really fast
normally I just hold down the clutch and
shift down and hold down the break with
like my two fingers and that does not
work in a gt3 car the thing will
clumsily change gear really slowly and
you have no control and it slides a lot
really what you have to do when you're
going into a corner is you just have to
let the force of like the downshifting
slow you down it's a really really weird
sensation but once you get used to it
you'll know what I'm talking about you
just kind of shift down and left lift
off the brake and it's like oh this kind
of slowed me down a little bit you do it
again and again until you're at the
corner so you kind of like shift down
and coast into the turn it's really
weird but you get used to it now the
other factor with gt3 cars obviously is
speed and unfortunately this is where
the SLS I felt like it left me down it
still has that 550 horsepower 6.2 liter
v8 in it but it's been severely tuned
down with the gearing and it's the top
speed has been greatly reduced I mean on
a long straight like Road Atlanta here
you really need to get up to that 170
180 mile an hour mark and I just wasn't
doing it it just it's not that great of
a car for these long tracks that have
these massively long straights you're
just gonna get blitzed by things like
the Dodge Viper competition and the
Ferrari 458 competition it's just it's
not that great of an alternative as a
gt3 car but I love it it's a Mercedes
its glorious it has that Mercedes
outrageousness I mean the exhaust are
right behind the front wheels and the
rear wing is bigger than the entire car
so that's my review on this not fighter
jet car and if you enjoyed it please
like it and comment below with what you
think of this car and as always don't
forget to subscribe and stay tuned for
more videos